{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Project Link:
\b0 \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://willc822.github.io/WSP-WilliamCareyProjectTemplate-master"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 http://willc822.github.io/WSP-WilliamCareyProjectTemplate-master}}\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Summary:\'a0
\b0 This month I have \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 thoroughly\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  enjoyed working on this project and I have learned many new things that I feel will help take me further in my studies. Being able to take the time to study and apply new concepts has helped and I hope will be beneficial in my web development future.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Postmortem:\'a0
\b0 This month I felt like while I had issues with my github, I did very well with applying any criticism. I felt like I was able to adhere to the deadlines regardless of what I was experiencing which also proved beneficial in my studies. I think that my challenges for this month were semantics and still trying to have an understanding of what tags to use and when to use them. The only other challenge was with github, which I later realized was my code. The reason I was lost was because on my local computer there was no issue and the pictures were loaded, but on github they didn\'92t load. I later realized it was the .PNG was capitalized where it should have been .png, lesson learned.\'a0\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	I have realized that there is so much that is out there that can be beneficial to me. Many designers/		developers have experienced many of the same problems and setbacks that I have and it\'92s all about 		keeping on and not letting things get you down. I plan on using the full advantage of the Lynda access \
	and watching videos when I get the opportunity. I will also try to keep coding as much as possible to \
	apply the things that I have learned. The components are a great idea and I will keep this folder and add 		to it as time goes along so that I have a reference for myself as well as a library for other interested in 		what I can offer to them as their Web Developer. While I still feel like a newbie I will continue to reach \
	out to my peers and classmates for help when I need it. I have found that most times I am unable to 		verbalize what my problems are but I will continue to try and learn the language so that communication 		comes easier. This was a great class which offered great opportunities to learn and grow. Going at the \
	Full Sail pace can sometimes be so fast that it almost seems like your cramming everything in, but 		having an opportunity to slow down has proven very beneficial for both mind and technique.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \
}